TRACING-3802| Add target allocator to opentelemetry (#71074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/otel-config-target-allocator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * otel/otel-configuring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="otel-collector-ta-{context}"]
= Target allocator

> The target allocator is an optional component of the OpenTelemetry Operator that shards scrape targets across the
> deployed fleet of collectors and integrates with the Prometheus `PodMonitor` and `ServiceMonitor` custom resources.
> When the target allocator is enabled,  the OpenTelemetry Operator adds `http_sd_config` to the enabled `prometheus` receiver that
> connects to the target allocator service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target allocator is an optional component of the OpenTelemetry Operator that shards scrape targets across the deployed fleet of OpenTelemetry Collector instances. The target allocatorintegrates with the Prometheus `PodMonitor` and `ServiceMonitor` custom resources. When the target allocator is enabled,  the OpenTelemetry Operator adds `http_sd_config` to the enabled `prometheus` receiver that connects to the target allocator service.
```
